# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2022-11-01

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtube.com/live/_qzWR5Wow4M?feature=share
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Robin Ginn
* Lea Verou
* Michael Champion
* Luke Schantz
*Jordan Harband


## Agenda


### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* 2022-2023 Public Calendar for web standards group meetings [#191](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/191)
  * discussed briefly but no comments/concerns

* Concise Guide to Participating in Web Standards Document WIP [#190](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/190)

Michael Champion shared link to document - Concise Guide to Improving Web Standards
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yDxUCnvZC23HfZXOz7OAbyWHZqqqNXBZHk0y3GBeIds/edit#heading=h.pzjcr6mk132n
Feedback and help on documents.  Wordsmithing and making things more concise.
Robin: Set a goal to have something published? And weigh in before publishing?
Lea: Do we just start editing? (google docs is good for initial editing IMO)
Michael: Google docs has history or could move to github. Whatever works for you as long as it is in writing.
 Robin: Deadline of 2 weeks …. 4 weeks. Lea: Conscious of thanksgiving timing.
Lea: Not obvious to people which speck contains each feature.  Look up on MDN.  Seems to be the best source. Has a bookmark to take to spec.
Jordan: Series of questions to help determine which spec to point to.
Luke: In plant/biology identification there is the concept of “dichotomous key” for identification.
Jordan: Reading the Spec - Hemanth HM, PayPal & Jordan Harband, Coinbase https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPFOdaGe9Zw




* Submit Foundation Ballot for W3C Board Election [#189](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/189)

	Issue closed.

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)

Jordan: Consider the $ will change between request and approval times.  
Lea: Range of prices.
Robin: Linking standards and eligibility criteria. Active participation in the group etc.
This was fleshed out but standards section is blank:
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/community-fund/blob/main/programs/travel-fund.md
Each group makes a decision on who they want to support.
Robin: case by case basis. May need to be different criteria for some with yearly approval of x number of meetings.  Up to a certain point because we have a finite budget.
Eligibility criteria and DEI scholarships. 
Recommendation for eligibility
Person be representative for XYZ meeting N number of meetings this year.
Lea: look into how it is listed as an innovative and if it complicates work or student visa.
If it shows up as income.
Jordan: reimbursement is not income. Filing a report does not necessarily make it income. Important concern that should be independent of the platform we use.
Robin: Work on language from a process perspective and make suggestions.


## Q&A, Other

Lea: Tag nominations end next week. Do I need to open an issue? Lea is up for reelection as her term is ending. It is important work. If she can find support she can run again.
Robin: Looking for the issue. Ask Brian C.
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/117
Put the agenda tag on it.  Deadline is Nov 8th, 2022. 
Flag it in slack too in case people don’t see it.
Process
Link to previous issue. Create issue
Community Member posts in slack. Jordan will post it.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

