TC39 was a couple of weeks ago
Import assertions went down to stage 2
Next Plenary 

W3C
	Tag F2F in Japan in April 

AC Meeting in France at the same time as OpenJS World


Participation in TC shouldn’t change?
Reporting
Participation is fluid


# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-02-07

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtube.com/live/vHM65WQQQ4I?feature=share
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

Luke Schantz
Robin Ginn
Joe Sepi
Jory Burson
Mike Champion
Richard Gibson

## Agenda

### Announcements

Google Season of Docs / Season of Code 
W3C AB requesting input on sessions to cover at AC meeting
Web Fonts WG - charter update for W3C
W3C AB Election results:  
Qing An (Alibaba Group)
Tantek Çelik (Mozilla Foundation)
Elika J Etemad (W3C Invited Expert)
Charles Nevile (ConsenSys)
OpenJS World Ticket Sales - May 9 is collab summit. 10-12 is the conference. This is in May! Vancouver.

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

Report or update from January/Feb TC39?
Richard gave a brief report. One proposal went back - import assertions. 
Process changes - active consensus - explicit report is now required. Better documentation on when things are ready for advancement https://github.com/tc39/how-we-work/pull/130 . Active consensus https://github.com/tc39/how-we-work/pull/122 .

* 2022-2023 Public Calendar for web standards group meetings [#191](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/191)
*Jory added meetings to TC39, TC53 & W3C meetings.
*Checking on Unicode meetings and see what we should include on the public calendar.
*Other groups who would be interested in being tracked on the public calendar. Avoid collisions. And find opportunities to coexist in the same space.
*Winter CG has a public calendar

* Concise Guide to Participating in Web Standards Document WIP [#190](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/190)
*Jory to edit document this week and review it in next weeks meeting.

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)
*Need to define how we are going to represent the details of a person, their expertise and how they are providing SME value in the documentation for an application for travel funds.
*Action Item to write the policy in March.

*OpenJS World and Summit & Standards Working Group
*Content - program committee has been working.  We have 15 onsight sessions.  10 -15 virtual sessions. Portions of those sessions will be curated. 
*The Standard track was well received in the past. 
*Awards: Unsung hero, Leading by example, Outstanding contribution by a new arrival, Education
*Event is the 9th. 3 or 4 weeks to have the award made and shipped. Need to have an award recommendation by April 4th.  Put a call out for nominations soon.
* Security working group has planned a working session or public session at the Summit in the past.
*Luke will let Claudio know about needing 1 hour for the Standards Working Group and coordinate follow up. 


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
