# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-08-22

## Links

* **Recording**: Meeting was not recorded.
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/255

## Present

* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Hemanth HM (@hemanth)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Lea Verou (@leaverou)

## Agenda

### Announcements

FYI: APAC-friendly TC39-TG3 meetings is tonight at 01 UTC

* Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### Liaison Reports

* Template for liaison reports #252 [#252](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/252)

### openjs-foundation/standards Agenda

* Create 2023.08.08_meeting_notes.md #257 [#257](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/257)
  - please review!

* update active members #254 [#254](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/254)
  - Merged!

* Check Standards WG agrees to migrate to a Collab Space #253 (https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/253)
  - Difference is decision-making authority. No real difference except name. 
  - Ref: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council#openjs-collaboration-spaces
  - We would update our charter to call it a collab space and clarify what items we have 

* Travel request for Jordan Harband for TC39 #40 [#40](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/community-fund/pull/40)
  - Agreed, assuming Jordan’s amount was factored into the forecasting

* Document Guidance for requesting travel funds for Standards WG-related activities #256 [#256](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/256)
  - Chen. is a champion of a proposal that is benefitting Node. Chen. is a valued member of the TSC. It is clarified that this approval is a one-time approval and not an ongoing approval for future travel
  - We can create/identify some eval criteria. Is this person a community member/leader? Are they presenting the work they have been doing? How will it drive impact? Are they reasonably geographically located?
  - Concern: let’s make sure that the process doesn’t overly favor what looks like high-level impact. Lea’s example of the work of design reviews. Need to make sure the process also works for “Work”
  - An after-event report may not be the most useful activity.
  - What are the travel commitments assumed for participation - e.g. W3C TAG nominees are expected to travel to most of the meetings as part of the nomination process.
  - Staff and CPC are working on processes and guidelines. Considering putting a cap on the expense totals. 
  - Proposal - Signal prioritization of standards WG-related travel that are connected to work items that will be discussed
  - Action Item: Create a scope/bucket that defines what kinds of travel fund requests we will be considering/recommending for funding for 2024, and attempt to frontload what those expense requests will be. Need to consider the variables (cost, proximity of location, urgency of requests, deadlines, how long in advance the event was announced/known) Consider recommending things like, asking people to share expenses with another organization. 
  - Action Item - Talk to Samina about whether Ecma could create and support a travel fund, and put it on the ExeCom meeting agenda
  - Action Item - understand from Ben what the balance of the fund

* W3C TPAC 11-15 September 2023 - Break out session? #231 [#231](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/231)
  - Closed

* WIP - Improvements toward Addressing #173 [#240](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/240)
  - Noted that Tobie and Jordan are in alignment a this point

Tabled for time

* Update MEMBER_REPRESENTATION.md [#239](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/239)

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

