# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-08-08

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/afscmT85ZiU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/251

## Present

* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi) 
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Birds of A Feather in Bilboa - Sept. 19. Secure the Web Forward. Happening Week after TPAC! 
* State of Open Standards report out
* Noon CT - TC39 TG3 repo & calendar. Also join the TG3 room in Matrix, contact Chris or another chair for more information. Currently meeting bi-weekly and alternating timezones

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

Liaison Updates
* OSI - See notes under #243
* W3C - TPAC / wednesday is the developer/community day. Open for participation.
* TC53 - no updates
* Unicode - no updates
* Ecma
  * TC39
    * TG3 meets tomorrow. 
    * New Task Group - TG4 for sourcemaps
    * https://github.com/guybedford/import-maps-extensions#integrity
3️⃣ Array Grouping
3️⃣ Promise.withResolvers
3️⃣ Source Phase Imports
3️⃣ Time Zone Canonicalization
2️⃣ Deferred Import Evaluation
1️⃣ DataView get/set Uint8Clamped methods
1️⃣ Optional Chaining assignment
Related: Package Data Interop Work. On Hiatus with that but back when Ethan is back.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Be a founding member of Open Policy Alliance (an OSI project) [#243](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/243)

OSI - we agreed to move ahead with the open policy alliance. We will be showcased as a member. No news on that specifically. How will the group be updated on the CRA as it progresses, for example? Not sure. We could ask Mirko to do a briefing on the CRA to the group. Also, what are the specific things OpenJS or its projects can do / weigh in on with respect to policy?
Action: invite Mirko to attend / present 
Action: Merge

* WIP - Improvements toward Addressing #173 [#240](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/240)

* Update MEMBER_REPRESENTATION.md [#239](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/239)
* Merged

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)

Meta Action Items:
Update the notes template & make an issue template for the Liaison updates

## Q&A, Other

Question: Should we liaise with IETF / IESG. are there projects or efforts we should be tracking, are there things that are blocking other efforts? Example: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-sedate-datetime-extended/
What other IETF groups would we want to follow?
Potentially:
https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/sedate/about/
https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/jose/about/
https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/jmap/about/
https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/jsonpath/about/

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

