# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-10-17

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: #267

## Present

* Robin Ginn (@rginn) 
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom) 
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Donovan Buck (@dtex)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Lea Verou (@leaverou)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Join us for the OpenJS in Finance track at the FINOS summit in NYC on Nov. 1

### Liaison Reports

* Ecma Execom
   * Provisionally approved new TC - standardizing the Cyclone DX - https://owasp.org/blog/2023/10/11/OWASP-Foundation-Pursues-Ecma-International-Standardization-of-CycloneDX.html
* TC39
  * INTL Message format proposal incubator call Next week https://github.com/tc39/incubator-agendas/blob/main/2023/10-25.md
  * There has been some conversation about a new stage or incremental step in order to reduce churn in stage 3 related to things that should have been covered in stage 2.
  * We have dates (and locations) determined for 2024 TC39 plenary meetings - not yet publicized but will be published soon
    * Action: Jory to add them to public Open Web Standards calendar
* W3C TAG
  * Usual design reviews, regular activities proceeding as usual. Nothing too specific to this community at this time. 
  * Discussion ensued about how and whether to get TC39 review of proposals. Opportunity to reconnect on this again related to the changes under discussion for “TC39 stage 2.5”. 
    * Also discussion about where in the TC process the TAG review would be the best fit 
* TC53
  * Cupertino workship on Dec 6~ Next generation on Ecma 419 Workshop - https://www.ecma-international.org/news/invitation_to-ecma_tc53_workshop_in_cupertino_6_december_2023/
* OSI - no update
* OPA - no update
* Unicode - no update
* Winter CG
  * No major updates, some discussion about home for Open Source implementations.
    * Jory to send Ethan the CSL spec.
* Package Interop
  * First meeting went really well. Starting to get traction. Meeting once a month, interested persons are invited to join the discussion in the #package-meta-interop channel on OpenJS's Slack workspace.

### openjs-foundation/standards (Discussion Issues)

* Meeting Minutes PR for review: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/266/files
  * Missing recording link. Jory to merge after updating link.

* W3C wants to increase the size of the TAG [#260](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/260)
  * Still no confirmation / record of this outcome on the AC-Forum list. Email to W3C team last week on the question has not been answered. To be updated.
  * However, TAG Nominations are now open for 3 seats.
  * Jory to update the issue.
    
* Document Guidance for requesting travel funds for Standards WG-related activities [#256](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/256)
  * CPC Requests a proposal from the Standards Collab Group on the importance of standards related travel and what we would want to fund and why.
  * Action: Open and issue and collaborate on proposal
 
* Check Standards WG agrees to migrate to a Collab Space [#253](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/253)
  * No update, but need to amend the issue to track the tasks necessary to complete this.

* WIP - Improvements toward Addressing #173 [#240](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/240)
  * Need @tobie to approve.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
