
# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-05-30

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/yUq3M-W8Zy8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/234

## Present

- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)      
- Lea Verou (@leaverou) 
- Leo Cunha
- Jordan Harband (@ljharb) 
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Robin Ginn (@rginn) 
- Tobie Langel (@tobie) 
- Michael Champion (@michaelchampion)
- Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke) 
- Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn) 

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Notes/Recording from May 16 meeting in progress…
* CPC WG meeting today
* Program Committee meeting tomorrow

### Liaison Updates
* TC39
  * Jordan recommends reading Hemanth’s summaries. A number of stage changes. 
  * https://dev.to/hemanth/updates-from-the-96th-tc39-meeting-4goe
  * 3 proposals at stage 4 
* TC53
  * No update
* W3C TAG
  * No Updates
  * Test the Web Forward - planning the virtual session Sept. 26-28 - would be (3) 2-hour session with some pre-work 
* OSI
  * None yet
* Unicode
  * No update
* Tobie asks if the IEEE Governance WG should be reported on
  * Could be relevant to some open CPC issues
  * Some setbacks related to process and system, group may be moving its activities to another forum.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* W3C AB Election Ballot Due June 1 (not recorded) ([#232](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/232)
8 Candidates for 6 positions
https://www.w3.org/2023/04/ab-nominations.html
Action: Jory to look at our votes from last time and submit ballot 
Chris, Elika, Wendy, Max, Avneesh, Tantek, Heejin, Song

* W3C TPAC 11-15 September 2023 - Break out session? [#231](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/231)
Tobie: we should work on the topic and identify outcomes we would like to have
Tobie: would be happy to help with this if we have a proposal we want to get behind
MC: multiple, interoperable implementations is increasingly harder to do. Slippery slope if chromium becomes the standard. Nuanced issue that we could lead/raise a voice in.
Would need to discuss further to avoid contention. May not be well received if we raise it?  
Action: reliable and discuss further in slack

* Add Tobie Langel as OSI Representative [#224](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/224)
Sounds like we approved this last week with the understanding that Tobie will focus on opportunities for OpenJS communities to influence/advocate on policy matters particularly with regard to the CRA
Action: merge PR and determine next steps with OSI

* Discuss `package.json` standardization and governance [#233](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/233)
Word document that Tobie and ethan have been working on to fully understand whether this is an opportunity for standardization. Darcy suggests that we really need the people from npm to weigh. Also spdx, and web manifest space. Probably learnings from that. People need to be “lured in” and we need to define problem space and what problems need to be solved in order to bring those people in. Need to better wordsmith / phrase problem statements. Feels like it’s unclear what the real value is for the people who need to be around the table (e.g. npm). May be coming from concern in the ecosystem, codifying common keys to keep people from stepping on others’ toes. Lots of people who need to be bought in (eslint, others who do not want to see a standard)
[WIP] Future of package.json 
Action: Followup  when the document is further baked and ready for discussion.

* Stepping down as OSI Affiliate Representative [#170](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/170)
Will close with #224

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)
tabled

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

