# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-05-02

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/4p7GWlbfCMk
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/227

## Present
* Robin Ginn 
* Ben Sternthal
* Lea Verou
* Joe Sepi
* Richard Gibson
* Jory Burson
* Jordan Harband
* Michael Champion
* Hemanth HM 
* Darcy Clarke

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

Sovereign Tech Fund - congratulations to our projects and thank you to the fund! üéâ
Reminder to submit proposals for the Secure the Web Forward Workshops
OpenJS World & Collab Summit next week üéâ
30th Anniversary - Web Platform is RF üéâ

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Minutes of previous meeting - approval & merge
* Liaison Reports & Updates
  * Lea / Tag Face to Face Report from April
     * Agreed that there is a lot of work and we need more input from more people on design reviews - ex. API design, security, accessibility. Going to ask the AB/AC for more seats on the TAG. 2 elected, one appointed. Also looking for some lightweight appointment roles to fill in gaps - e.g. as a liaison - to help train/sustain the group more efficiently. 
     * Discussion of closer collab between TAG and TC39. Groups are not working together a lot, but not a lot of input on design principles and other ideas. More consistency would be potentially better for devs. Will have Tc39 tracker label on TAG issues and inviting participants to use this and provide advice. Design principles are web centric, TC39 are broader. Suggestion to W3C to make it more inclusive.Related issue on TAG repo: https://github.com/w3ctag/design-principles/issues/436
     * Discussion about the confusion of ownership of some APIs & issues that arise when non-JS programmers write JS APIs in webIDL
     * OpenJS can help make the case for more inclusivity
     * Jory: can we have Tobie talk about prioritization of user needs at the AC meeting next week. ‚ÄúHow can we help server side and browser side devs have more coherent experiences‚Äù
   * Jordan: TC39 Plenary after OpenJS World in Vancouver. No updates at this time.

* Request to be designated as W3C AC alternate for next W3C AC F2F  [#226](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/226)
   * +1 to the request and to the travel support
   * Question - what are the 2-3 things on our Agenda that Tobie will support.
   * Jory to sync with Tobie on the engagement plan

* Add Tobie Langel as OSI Representative [#224](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/224)
  * tabled until Tobie can attend and suggest opportunities for deeper engagement.

* Nominations open for W3C Advisory Board [#223](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/223)
  * Nomination period has closed. 

* Secure the Web Forward Workshop - Call for Papers [#213](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/213)
  * Reminder shared

* Standards Group Participation at OpenJS World  [#205](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/205)
  * Collab summit and Friday sessions scheduled.

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)
  * Tabled for time.




## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

