# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-09-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7Uo7Z9h-p8
* **GitHub Issue**: Issue #261

## Present

* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
* Lea Verou (@leaverou)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

TPAC is next week! Go see Eemeli and Lea. Relevant breakout sessions:
* [DOM Localization](https://github.com/w3c/tpac2023-breakouts/issues/52)
* [The Future of Powerful APIs on the Web Platform](https://github.com/w3c/tpac2023-breakouts/issues/76)

Travel Fund progress continues - follow CPC meetings and WG sessions for more.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* W3C wants to increase the size of the TAG [#260](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/260)
Lea brought up the issue with others; Tobie submitted our support. 
1 elected, 1 appointed. Would likely happen during the next election cycle. 
Vote closes today (Sept. 5) 

* 2024 Meeting / Schedule Conflicts [#259](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/259)
Jory to update the public calendar as dates are locked in

* Document Guidance for requesting travel funds for Standards WG-related activities [#256](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/256)
CPC is looking to create a rubric for scoring.
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1154 
Action: provide any feedback/comments to #1154
Related: what are the P0s for Standards Related travel in 2024? How can we tie the impact of this work to specific 

* Check Standards WG agrees to migrate to a Collab Space [#253](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/253)
No further discussion needed
We need a charter, small tasks - CPC will let us know what next.

* WIP - Improvements toward Addressing #173 [#240](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/240)
Comments to be addressed and PR merged

* Update MEMBER_REPRESENTATION.md [#239](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/239)
Conflict to be resolved and merged

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)

AOB 
Mike Samuel asked in chat RE language translations and thread models in chat. Brief discussion ensued about which organizations are keeping this in mind. 
MessageFormat spec update from Eemeli - feels like this spec will be out spring 2024


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

