# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-10-03

## Links

* **Recording**: 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/265

## Present

* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie) 
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi) 
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Lea Verou (@leaverou) 
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* First package metadata interoperability collab space meeting. See PR # https://github.com/openjs-foundation/package-metadata-interoperability-collab-space/pull/2 
* Liaison Reports/Updates
  * TC39 - Plenary in Tokyo, community event was the JSConf-JP. One proposal went to stage 4, many advanced to stage 1 & 2. One proposal went back a stage. 
  * TC53 - no updates
  * OSI / OPA - Some initial calls are starting to take place with the OPA. Tobie will report when he learns more. 
  * W3C
     * Congratulations to Seth Dobbs, recently announced as next CEO of W3C. Robin will send a congratulations/welcome note on behalf of the org.
     * TPAC was productive and very high turnout. Lea met with Eemeli and discussed a lot about message format, inspired the need for design principles for text-based. Discussion about standardized paths for APIs. Good feedback on State of HTML survey. Take the survey https://survey.devographics.com/en-US/survey/state-of-html/2023
     * BoF / Secure the Web Forward 
        * jQuery Infra Report findings - good discussion about creating more of a coalition among key stakeholder organizations  
        * STF Findings - went well 

### openjs-foundation/standards

* PR - update member representation [#263](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/263)
   * merged

* PR - meeting notes from 9/5 [#262](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/262)
   * Jory to accept editorial from Mohammed and merge

* W3C wants to increase the size of the TAG [#260](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/260)
   * We voted for this but need to follow up to see if the resolution was passed.
   * Per email to ac-forum: Deadline is October 10 - Next election is Oct. 10 - Nov. 7 for nominations. 
   * ACTION: Consider if there are people you would like to encourage to run/nominate 

* 2024 Meeting / Schedule Conflicts [#259](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/259)
   * Richard reported that first meeting of 2024 will be San Diego in person for TC39 / Also will be meeting #100
   * https://github.com/tc39/agendas
   * Pre-planning of travel would be ideal - TAG plans 2 in person meetings per year and 2 remote meetings
   * ACTION: Jory to update the standards wg

* Document Guidance for requesting travel funds for Standards WG-related activities [#256](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/256)
   * No update from CPC Working Group
   * Tobie will update the issue

* Check Standards WG agrees to migrate to a Collab Space [#253](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/253)
   * Tasks needed: 
     * Update documents in repo
     * Update the name / other things
     * Create a Charter
     * Move collab to the collab space on the website etc

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
