# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2023-05-16

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/xFLq_U8jpSg
* **GitHub Issue**: [#230](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/230)
## Present

* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Michael Champion (@michaelchampion)
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Lea Verou (@LeaVerou)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Ethan Arrowood (@Ethan-Arrowood)
* Hemanth HM (@hemanth)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* W3C AB Election Ballot Due June 1 ([#232](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/232)
  - Tobie notes that this is a special election due to the change in legal entity. Expectations is that the same persons will be reconfirmed, pending votes.
  - Discussion about the role of the AB, as well as historical evolution of W3C Community and roles related to dispute resolution and other functions
  - Tobie reported that the AC meeting was productive and that the atmosphere seemed to be moving past the uncertainty of the Legal entity transition
  - Robin reminded people that the W3C is hiring. 


* W3C TPAC 11-15 September 2023 - Break out session? [#231](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/231)
  - Tobie, Brian and Lea plan attend TPAC
  - Would there be interest in doing a breakout session? Action: brainstorm


* Add Tobie Langel as OSI Representative [#224](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/224)
  - Tobie provided context about the OSI and some of the work it does
  - Noted that he is willing to be the point of contact for Myles, who stepped away
  - Tobie noted that the role the OpenJS Foundation could play in its advocacy and education work 
  - Michael C. noted that Tobie should work to gather consensus and report regularly with this group 

* Secure the Web Forward Workshop - Call for Papers [#213](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/213)
  - Robin noted that the Test the Web Forward has been postponed and that we are considering doing a workshop around TPAC

* Discuss `package.json` standardization and governance [#233](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/233)
  - Ethan A. discussed his idea about opportunities for standards around the package.json format. Further discussion ensued, and has also been captured on the issue.
  - Ethan and others will further develop these thoughts into a one-page paper summarizing the problem statements and key stakeholders for engagement.

* Standards Group Participation at OpenJS World  [#205](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/205)

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)
* Stepping down as OSI Affiliate Representative [#170](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/170)
  - will be closed by #224  



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

